hey it's Pixar and today I got a package
in the mail we're gonna look at it it's
just one item so I'm not really making
this a haul but I am gonna open it up
then we're gonna look at it and kind of
do a review of it so let me get my torso
out of the way here and open this thing
up this is something that did not cost
me any money it was free
it's a program we have at work rewards
program starts and picked from any of a
number of items even I mean Lego is just
one of the things but they use only when
we have Lego books so we got this brick
master battle for the stolen and crystal
Wow and basically it looks like it's a
giant book that this is the book part
and this is the storage area for the
Lego and basically you build the set and
it tells the stories what these tend to
do it's just an overpriced set is what
it would be if it was retail I will see
it's got three here the retail price at
$33 you gotta be kidding it's made by DK
books parts produced Denmark Hungary
China China Mexico and Czech Republic
this is read the story built the models
and play the adventure so it's kind of
like the over overpriced Aggieland sit
and that's what fabulous it's a kind of
when you built the set it would tell a
story but not as much details this and
it goes into more detail about the oh
look you get greedy comes with this so
that's pretty cool you get commander
gree and so the pieces are stored in
here
fill it up without tearing the try pill
this without it seems to open a little
better than the other ones I've got like
this the other ones they had a lift at
the top that opened up this one opens
like this so that's a lot that 89 pieces
from this big bag and it's it one one
nine zero five on the bag that's
interesting what I'll do is I will build
this the instructions are books and then
we're looking all right we have
completed the main mop models which are
the the nineteen torrent the separatist
Canon and you get command agree and the
commando droid so let's look at these
little closer all right here's your
commander of gree G REE your Clone
Trooper commander he has his typical
looking clone trooper head there the
green I think it's real cool
I know double printing on the face he is
in another set
that's commander gree this would be an
expensive way to get commander gree so I
don't recommend buying this set to get
commander gray and this is the commando
Droid a pretty neat looking droid I love
the head and get a little dot on his
torso there the droids are similar bill
to the the droids from years ago but
this i like the head a little better and
getting that dark brown and a little dot
on the torso for the details there is a
commando droid and here is your mini
build of the v19 torrent we've seen this
a few times in different sets and this
is not quite its we've seen a little
smaller I think they're probably smaller
micro builds than this
there's kind of a mini build obviously
not minifigure scale which in the book
it basically tells a story as you go
through the instructions and you build
it and here is the separatists cannon
which is pretty cool actually scan these
little legs so it walks just look at the
big cannon there so I think it's on a
different scale than the v19 torrent
they still meet a little Walker legs
move but that is the cannon separatist
cannon so that is the brick master
battle for the strolling crystals where
are the crystals Oh are there any
crystals in this you can build it has
other models that you can build v.19
torrent and the separatist cannon we're
like the main models but you can also
build a debbie TRT walker just got a C
you can go to vestibule a fighter for
the Detroit so you can go you build a KD
81 cargos yes so there's other models
you can build like that almost like a 4
in 1 or 3 in 1 or whatever you take you
can see on the cover there it's a
different model than what we built here
but this is the main model it uses all
the pieces except for your typical
extras that you get so it's a 33 dollar
retail price I think even at $20 it's
kind of steep because basically the bag
you get this living 9:05 189 pieces you
know you're talking about a 10 to 13
dollar probably is what it should be but
that's a lot of pieces 189 so even 15
but you're paying for this book is what
you're paying that's why it's so
expensive so not the best deal in the
world but when you can get it for free
as I did get
every day so anyway I just thought I'd
show to you what you're getting involved
in if you try to get one of these brake
master sets again it's it's just a
really little book high-quality DK does
very good printing but yeah this isn't a
33 dollar item I'm sorry anyway thanks
for watching this is